README.md, before:

# 🏆 Mankirat Singh's Portfolio

Welcome to the **source code** of my portfolio website – [mankiratsingh.com](https://mankiratsingh.com)! 🚀  

This portfolio is built from scratch using **Next.js** and **Motion**, combining performance, smooth animations, and a **UI straight from a developer's imagination**.  

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack  

- **Frontend**: [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)  
- **Animations**: [Motion](https://motion.dev)  
- **Styling**: [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)  

---

## ⚡ Features  

✅ **Custom UI** – No templates, just raw creativity!  
✅ **Smooth animations** with Motion  
✅ **Fast & optimized** with Next.js  

---

## 🚀 Running Locally  

Clone the repository:  

```bash
git clone https://github.com/MankiratSingh1315/portfolio.git
cd portfolio
```

Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```
Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```
The site will be running at http://localhost:3000 🚀

---

### 📬 Feedback & Contributions

If you have suggestions, open an issue or reach out to me on LinkedIn!

Happy coding! 🚀

Commit message:

Do star the repo if you like it!

README.md, after:

# 🏆 Mankirat Singh's Portfolio
### ⭐ Do star the repo if you like it!
Welcome to the **source code** of my portfolio website – [mankiratsingh.com](https://mankiratsingh.com)! 🚀  

This portfolio is built from scratch using **Next.js** and **Motion**, combining performance, smooth animations, and a **UI straight from a developer's imagination**.  

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack  

- **Frontend**: [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)  
- **Animations**: [Motion](https://motion.dev)  
- **Styling**: [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)  

---

## ⚡ Features  

✅ **Custom UI** – No templates, just raw creativity!  
✅ **Smooth animations** with Motion  
✅ **Fast & optimized** with Next.js  

---

## 🚀 Running Locally  

Clone the repository:  

```bash
git clone https://github.com/MankiratSingh1315/portfolio.git
cd portfolio
```

Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```
Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```
The site will be running at http://localhost:3000 🚀

---

### 📬 Feedback & Contributions

If you have suggestions, open an issue or reach out to me on LinkedIn!

Happy coding! 🚀
